Add GKE Sandbox support to Terraform. (#1934)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/container_cluster.html.markdown

    are preemptible. See the [official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/preemptible-vm)
    for more information. Defaults to false.

> * `sandbox_config` - (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html)) [GKE Sandbox](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/sandbox-pods) configuration. When enabling this feature you must specify `image_type = "cos_containerd"` and `node_version = "1.12.6-gke.8"` or later to use it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sandbox_config` - (Optional, [Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/provider_versions.html)) [GKE Sandbox](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/sandbox-pods) configuration. When enabling this feature you must specify `image_type = "COS_CONTAINERD"` and `node_version = "1.12.7-gke.17"` or later to use it. 
```

> GKE Sandbox require GKE v1.12.7-gke.17 or higher, or v1.13.5-gke.15 or higher, for the cluster master and nodes.

From the linked page, I expect they bumped the version req.

* `public_endpoint` - The external IP address of this cluster's master endpoint.

The `sandbox_type` block supports:

* `sandbox_type` (Required) Which sandbox to use for pods in the node pool.
    Accepted values are:

>     * gvisor: Pods run within a gVisor sandbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    * `"gvisor"`: Pods run within a gVisor sandbox.
```
